{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\sb320\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 GM  Workshop\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Mario- Dev Tells\
Mike Andersen\
Daniel\
Kyle\
Monica\
Michelle\
\
dayone2://view?entryId=5966E1424E1F4B138DE41A34F98710CE\
\
Jenny- GM Customer Success\
Kyle- CSAM\
Christopher Zachary- MSFT account CTO\
\
\
Once a year planing cycle. Portfolio planning with a 3 year horizon\
\
Strategic Initiative  (things on Mary\'92s top priorities)\
	Project (goes into PPM)  CBA Tool  (Using MicroFocus)\
	Large collections of Features (Epics)\
\
Galileo was a prior system that fed into financial reporting system\
ADO is organized by Product as Projects\
	moved from projects to \'93buckets\'94 associated with a product.\
\
Teams started organizing around SAFE. \
BackLog goes into ADO\
\
\
Alan Wexler came in and advocated major reorg\
Move to Product from Project orientation\
Broke IT into two groups\
\'93Stacy is the business\'94\
\
iHub- Engineering focused crowdsourced ideation\
\
\'93There\'92s no real funnel process\'94\
\
Insurance Product (example)\
	Release Train\
			Scrum team (10 people)\
				- Policy acquisition (COTS product from Adobe)\
\
\
What is causing the \'93dead time\'94 (Lag)\
	- getting a subscription in order to spin up the QA environment\
	- solution: implement self service for the developers so they aren\'92t waiting on IT to provide a subscription\
\
\
SonarCube\
Fortify\
BlackDuck\
\
\
Security teams even scan in production \
\
Mike believes that security notification in the Pull Request may still be get ignored by the developers\
	Colin pushed back and reiterated that reduced false positives addresses this push back. We can do go faster and still reduce risk... it\'92s less of a trade off as it has been in the past. \
\
Are we doing anything for Dynamic? No, we center our integration around SARIF. \
\
\
Developers must log time to tasks within PPM because Innovation activity can be capitalized for tax purposes. They would like to get rid of PPM, but I do not see a path for that to happen within in Issues. It would seem that they should consider billing to Activities (how would this be done in Boards?).  Is there an Action that we could implement?\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\sb320\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 GM Update\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Initiative- \'93Tools for All\'94. Product isn\'92t required to use this new platform, so they want to build a modern experience that will entice Product. \
\
Ken Gray is new to this role. \
https://www.linkedin.com/in/wkgray\
Monica Greenhalgh & Bob Ronald\
https://www.linkedin.com/in/monicagreenhalgh\
https://www.linkedin.com/in/bob-ronald-79169b\
Daniel Harris, Head of CoE \
\
Cynthia, AE\
\
Too many cooks in the kitchen with the MSFT team. \
\
Do we need to go over their head? \
\
MSFT team signed them up to a DevOps DoJo. \
\
Seems like they are throwing stuff at the wall. \
\
Objective: Get Product off of BitBucket.  \
\
Call with MSFT team:\
\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li396\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95 Seems like lots of connecting people in the org, understanding who understands what. \
\'95 Matt Swanson, reports to Jeff Leetle.  (Stacy Lynett\'92s organization- product side?) Jeff L. Is a liaison to product?  \
\'95 https://www.linkedin.com/in/stacy-bogataj-lynett-27101318/\
\'95 https://www.linkedin.com/in/mjswanso1/\
\'95 Big land grab in the work streams because of the reorg work \
\'95 Meeting with Mike Anderson regularly \
\'95 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikeanderson10/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikeanderson10/}}\
\
\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\sb320\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Automotive Update with Jess and Lamar\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\
Ford-  Moving to MSFT paper.  Presented final pricing, about a $350K opportunity.  Conservative growth.  They will save $509K on support.\
30% discount off list. \
They have an EAS. Added amendment they can\'92t true down. \
\
\
\
GM- Recent meeting with Jamie Cool. \'93Tools for everyone\'94. \
Ken Gray. \
Cynthia, account director\
Security has approved GHAS.\
MSFT doesn\'92t have strong relationship with Product\
FY23 \
Possibly we could get something in Q4. \
Mike Andersen is presenting.\
Fortify budget owner is in a different business unit, we are blocked from speaking to him until we get the technical win. \
\
GHES is still on the shelf.  \
Mike Andersen is presenting the architecture  for \'93Tools for everyone\'94, we would then develop a proposal. BitBucket goes away December 1.  7000-9000 users. \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li396\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}