{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\sb320\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 CSE Automotive discussion\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Roy Nejabi, former video streaming startup\
Jacquelyn Crowhurst\
\
\
Align with the workloads\
What gaps do they have in delivering against\
\
\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li396\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. ARM VM work. Doing work with Daimler. \
2. SDV- Starting an engagement with Uli and Boris. Shawn. Moving incredibly slow. \
3. Code Spaces & Reusable patterns\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Bosch is treating us like a supplier. Not a partner. \
CSE is investing in SDV. \
\
Uli\'92s Pillars\
	1. Open Source\
	2. Product Group (secret sauce)\
	3. How do we take this to customers. \
\
\
Six buckets of work. \
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li396\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. What PG should be involve\
2. Who needs to make what decisions\
3. CSE wants an end to end experience demo \
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li696\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. We don\'92t have an environment to mirror the car (not even a digital twin)\
2. Vertical slice. Example, Seat adjustment. Where would the developer even go to. \
3. PoC might not even be hardware  that mirrors the car\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Start with nurturing. \
Ask by a team to do a PoC\
Goes to AzDO\
	a. Engage a crew to do Code With\
\
\
Don\'92t do much front end work\
Don\'92t usually do much embedded work\
Back in cloud architecture\
\
Daimler work being done in their factories. \
Quality control application that uses images to assess standards.\
Very ad hoc application control \
ARM 64 CPU\
\
Qemu https://www.qemu.org/\
\
What they really want is ARM 64\
\
Ideal situation is the customer gives us access. Coding with them, pair programming.  Using both AzDO & GitHub. \
\
\
Patterns around architectures\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li396\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'95 For autonomous \
\'95 For fleet management\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
}