{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Satay- what is our Ubiquitous systems- Edge story?\
\
Scott- figure out a new strategy for automotive. Don\'92t want to BE a Tier 1.\
\
It\'92s not a Bosch + MSFT partnership, it\'92s a open ecosystem.\
\
REALLY want to have an open ecosystem. \
Red Hat\
Bosche\
\
\'93Create a gravity towards Azure\'94\
\
Take a page out of Cloud Native Foundation.\
Eclipse partnership\
\
Multiple Specs.\
\
SDVOS emphasis currently\
Core functionality of in-car of non-differentiating components\
\
Reference container runtime should all be shared. \
\
Each of the different deployment domains each have different toolchains.\
\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li396\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2. Programming model- So that application developers do not have to have the automotive skills can be productive\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
MSFT doesn\'92t want to be IN the car, for liability concerns\
\
Digital Twins\
\
Kubernetes API is key. The MSFT Edge strategy is based on Kubernetes API.   \
\
Amazon has asked to join the Software Defined Vehicle program with eclipse. \
\
Ops\
Integrate the functionality not provided by mobility ops tech. \
\
\'93Vehicle as Code\'94\
Describes all the dependencies of the code. \
Deliver the code to an OTA service.\
\
In Car twin that knows the state of the car. The in car twin synchronizes against the cloud twin. \
\
We need traceability interfaces.  \
\
\
At CES\
\
Bosch will have a big booth for SDV,   an ECU  (MPU) AutoSar classic and AutoSar adaptive stack and a Linux system. \
\
Bosch has an end-to-end demo\
Bosche Mobility Cloud  (OTA)\
\
Ford- \'93Fully Network Vehicle\'94\
\
MADP team- in Israel\
But, the Traceability service is being built by the AI team\
But that team is building that service to connect via ADO\
\
Azure Defender?\
\
Sam George- \
\
\
\
}