{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9607172\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 M. -G. Unguritu and T. -C. Nichi\uc0\u355 elea, "Adaptive Real-Time Operating System in Automotive Multicore Embedded Systems,"\'a0
\f1\i 2021 25th International Conference on System Theory, Control and Computing (ICSTCC)
\f0\i0 , 2021, pp. 150-153, doi: 10.1109/ICSTCC52150.2021.9607172.\

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
The permanent intensification of information required in embedded systems leads to migration from single core to multicore systems which offer increased performance, allowing different software and hardware architectures based on heterogeneous or homogeneous cores. In the automotive field, the main AUTOSAR (Automotive Open System Architecture) component in such multicore architectures is represented by an adequate real-time operating system which coordinates the cores and their tasks according to different strategies. This paper briefly analyzes the features of the AUTOSAR multicore operating system. Afterwards, the paper proposes the extension of the operating system with adaptive capabilities which allow each core to manage besides its own tasks, the critical tasks of other cores only if required. To achieve this, the replication strategy is considered for task migration between cores. The simulation results illustrate the expected system behavior considering the proposed task migration strategy. The presented concept wishes to enhance the safety perspective of the automotive software.}