{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In reviewing the Automotive priority scenarios,  core to helping clients adjust to new business models and operating models is helping them function more like software companies.  Our top level messaging is moving in the direction that asserts by starting from a developers perspective, improving their experience- removing friction- be it in finding assets, speeding safety, quality and compliance reviews with automation, frees them to innovate.  \
\
Focusing on reducing friction in the developer\'92s experience impediments to collaborating across organizational boundaries, finding code to accelerate development from assets inside the organization, in the open source community, in the partner ecosystem. \
\
We\'92re moving further to the right into preproduction, security, infrastructure automation, but it\'92s the history as starting as a social network of code... the things that happen to the left of when someone \'93Commits code\'94 or to the \'93left of DevOps\'94 that is what has been historically unique for GitHub. It\'92s the common element in many of the case studies we highlighted. \
\
\
Kai Zimmermann- Germany\
John Reed- Director, Business Strategy Automotive\
Henry Bzeih\
Rick Duong\
Niro\
Ross\
Jeff\
Sanjay Ravi\
John Stenlake\
Ross Cook- Business Manager\
Darren Koh?\
Raj \
\
Our revenue is counted as Build Revenue. \
Aptiv- good relationship\
\
Randy Mott- Keep all engagements going, but some other big stuff happening. \
\
Automotive review with Satya- he was happy to see us talk about DevOps in organizational productivity. \
\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\li396\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1. Messaging Alignment\
2. Do a public webinar to the market on software competency in the beginning of the year. - Ross, Industry Digital Forum\
3. Share Automotive webinars to SanJay\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
CEO Level collaboration \
PACCAR\
GM\
Ford\
Aptiv\
ZF\
Navistar\
\
PowerApps is part of the story\
\
\
\
\
}