{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\sb320\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 I still don\'92t use my smart car\'92s mirrors\
\pard\tx960\tx1520\tx2080\tx2640\tx3200\tx3760\tx4320\tx4880\tx5440\tx6000\tx6560\tx7120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 For nearly two years I\'92ve had a car with sensors that enable a small digital icon on my rear view mirrors to inform me my blind spot is occupied.  90% of the time I look over my shoulder FIRST even if I remember the smart mirror display at all.  Old habits are hard to break. \
\
Learning to see the effects digital technology are having on nearly every aspect of our life is exhausting and exhilarating.   Determining what interrupts to our work flow are productive and which are detrimental seems to depend on which Medium post you last read. \
\
By and large we all still recognize a traditional work week. Sunday night newscasts and advertisements always remind us that tomorrow is Monday and a sense of dread comes over many workers. So we still have some shared work rhythm societally. \
\
It\'92s been called by many names, but it\'92s the On Demand nature of so much of our daily lives that impacts us as individuals and can\'92t help but impact our expectations of our work. \
\
However, the rhythm of work in a macro sense is definitely changing and it\'92s impacting How we work in a micro sense. \
\
How we work as individuals and how we work together.  Which of my old habits only impacts me and which of my old habits now have become an impediment to the continuous nature of interconnected work? How do I know? How do my peers know? \
\
Recognizing that those of us working in the technology business also have our own biases that maybe even have us overestimating the impacts these technologies are having because we are emersed  in both the consumption and creation of technology and digital content. \
}